fix: correct couchdb docs (#1014)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.10/scalers/couchdb.md

**Parameter list:**

> - `host` - The hostname for connecting to the CouchDB service. (Optional, Required if `connectionString` and `connectionStringFromEnv` aren't set)
> - `dbName` - Name of the database. (Optional, Required if `connectionString` and `connectionStringFromEnv` aren't set)
> - `queryValue` - A threshold that will define when scaling should occur. (Optional, Required if `connectionString` and `connectionStringFromEnv` aren't set)
> - `port` - The port number of the CouchDB service. (Optional, Required if `connectionString` and `connectionStringFromEnv` aren't set)

Reviewer: Same for other version
```suggestion
- `host` - The hostname for connecting to the CouchDB service. (Optional, Required if `connectionString` and `connectionStringFromEnv` is not set)
- `dbName` - Name of the database. (Optional, Required if `connectionString` and `connectionStringFromEnv` is not set)
- `queryValue` - A threshold that will define when scaling should occur. (Optional, Required if `connectionString` and `connectionStringFromEnv` is not set)
- `port` - The port number of the CouchDB service. (Optional, Required if `connectionString` and `connectionStringFromEnv` is not set)
```

Author: done! :)
